grduserdetails.SetContextValue("CRTL_UPLOAD_AUTO_FILE_REQ_203", "Y");

docfileupload.SetContextValue("CTRL_STORE_PATH_docfileupload", "..\docupload");

Dynamic caption -- can be handled in separate tab ?
PSR - generate service - can be handled in separate tab ?
PSR - Manual service -- Define Service & Refine service 
		- Add one more column in Segment tab & and in process section tab
		
Attachment patch script for base and publish compiled in hcm db

For base control type treegrid, add one more attribute 'Showlines' in left side grid. 
same has to be printed in Genui xml

Gantt, Calendar & Scheduler controls -- need to create one more system created control for filtering
	capabilities
	header - hidden edit - nvarchar(max)
	this control needs to be printed in gen uixml and one more attribute 'IsFilter' also to be added for this control.
		
GQL CHange:

1. First tab, root query also to be displayed in addition to existing in LE load  -- done
2. Queryname column width increased in the listedit
3. user giving sequence should be updated at any time.  
4. KeyField value should be a constraint any system created like 'taskname_001'
5. Query name list edit in argument & field tabs, should have one hidden column for Key field and it should be resolved with a hidden control of header in both the tabs.
6. Argument & Field tabs grid will fetch the value based on the key field available in hidden control in header
7. Constraint changed based on the Keyfield in 3 tables.
8. In argument tab, Root node 'Data' need not to be displayed in front end based on metatable.
9. Querysplitlevel should be in meta and query load should be based on this meta table
10. Alias is mandatory when we use same query more than once and alias should be unique for a task.

1. Remove the sequence from PK, add one more column for uniqueness - done
	KeyField - it is just concatenation of taskname and rowno of grid
2. Based on the HdnKeyField, Fetch and Save SPs of all the three tabs will get changed. 
3. Meta table should be inserted at the time screen launch - Priya

4. In fields tab, MapType caption to be changed as 'Usage'. 
5. ML Filedname LE, Fieldname width can be reduced, 
Flattened Fieldname width should be increased 
Queryname column in first tab grid to be increased.
Fieldname width in third tab grid should be increased 

Inbox Design Changes :


TECH-67354: Check box is not consistent across all columns